after_the_event/README.md, before:

## After event TO DO list:

#### Thank everyone

Sending a little thank you note to your attendees, volunteers, and sponsors is a great idea. Remember also to treat yourself with something you like to relax and decompress -- you did an amazing job! You could also send evaluation forms or a link to a survey form to the attendees and coaches in order to find out how people liked the workshop and what you can improve next time.

Make sure to reach out to your event's sponsors, tell them about how it went and thank them once again. It is very important to let them know how their money was spent and there is no better way than writing how awesome the workshop they sponsored was.

#### Inform participants where they can find the projects and each other

The goal of Trans\*Code is to help trans and non-binary people interested in technology build community, so we shouldn't leave them alone after the event. Share a link to a blog post or web page listing the projects worked on. (Hint: you might even have building such a list be one of the projects of the day.) Encourage sharing social media contact information - at the end of the 2016 London Trans\*Code everyone was invited to put their Twitter handles on a white board and people took pictures of it and shared them.

### Evaluation form for participants

You mito get feedback from attendees after the workshop. What worked? What did not? What we can improve? These questions are very important and it is great to know answers before organizing the second edition, right :)?

Make sure the forms are anonymous. 

#### Invite your participants to our global Trans*Code mailing list

We want to build a global community of trans and non-binary folk and allies who help each other, empower each other, and support each other. Consider inviting all of your participants and volunteers to [our Trans*Code mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en-GB#!forum/transcode-team). [Let us know](mailto:info@trans.tech) and we will work with you to invite them via the Google Groups interface.

#### Share what you learn in the Trans*Code Team group

If you want to, you can share everything in the Trans*Code Team group you already have access to. We're sure that other organizers will appreciate it to!

#### Consider writing a blog post

Share with the world how awesome it was! This list of questions maybe helpful:
1. How many participants attended your event?
2. How many coaches attended your event?
3. What was the most important thing you discovered during the workshop?

Then post either on your own blog, or let us know and we'll post it on ours. At least let us know about so we can share it as well. It's a nice way to say thank you to everyone, re-live memories and show your event to the world. If you're planning to organize another Trans\*Code event in the future, this will also help you to attract sponsors -- you can just send them a link to convince them that your Trans\*Code event is awesome!
## Next editions

If you plan to organize next edition of Trans*Code in your city, you will need to let us know, so that:
* we know it is happening :)
* we can help you plan and publicize the next event.

Commit message:

added disclaimer and fix after_the_event

after_the_event/README.md, after:

## After event TO DO list:

#### Thank everyone

Sending a little thank you note to your attendees, volunteers, and sponsors is a great idea. Remember also to treat yourself with something you like to relax and decompress -- you did an amazing job! You could also send evaluation forms or a link to a survey form to the attendees and coaches in order to find out how people liked the workshop and what you can improve next time.

Make sure to reach out to your event's sponsors, tell them about how it went and thank them once again. It is very important to let them know how their money was spent and there is no better way than writing how awesome the workshop they sponsored was.

#### Inform participants where they can find the projects and each other

The goal of Trans\*Code is to help trans and non-binary people interested in technology build community, so we shouldn't leave them alone after the event. Share a link to a blog post or web page listing the projects worked on. (Hint: you might even have building such a list be one of the projects of the day.) Encourage sharing social media contact information - at the end of the 2016 London Trans\*Code everyone was invited to put their Twitter handles on a white board and people took pictures of it and shared them.

### Evaluation form for participants

You mito get feedback from attendees after the workshop. What worked? What did not? What we can improve? These questions are very important and it is great to know answers before organizing the second edition, right :)?

Make sure the forms are anonymous. 

#### Invite your participants to our global Trans*Code mailing list

We want to build a global community of trans and non-binary folk and allies who help each other, empower each other, and support each other. Consider inviting all of your participants and volunteers to [our Trans*Code mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en-GB#!forum/transcode-team). [Let us know](mailto:info@trans.tech) and we will work with you to invite them via the Google Groups interface.

#### Share what you learn in the Trans*Code Team group

If you want to, you can share everything in the Trans*Code Team group you already have access to. We're sure that other organizers will appreciate it to!

#### Consider writing a blog post

Share with the world how awesome it was! This list of questions maybe helpful:
1. How many participants attended your event?
2. What were some of the projects worked on?
3. What was the most important thing you discovered during the workshop?

Then post either on your own blog, or let us know and we'll post it on ours. At least let us know about so we can share it as well. It's a nice way to say thank you to everyone, re-live memories and show your event to the world. If you're planning to organize another Trans\*Code event in the future, this will also help you to attract sponsors -- you can just send them a link to convince them that your Trans\*Code event is awesome!
## Next editions

If you plan to organize next edition of Trans*Code in your city, you will need to let us know, so that:
* we know it is happening :)
* we can help you plan and publicize the next event.
